content views role (#1208)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: roles/content_views/README.md

theforeman.foreman.content_views

> =========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theforeman.foreman.content_views
================================
```

I suppose this doesn't affect the way it's rendered when viewing the README on GH or some other web page but does look nicer if the user browses docs locally in their editor.

This role creates and manages Content Views.

Role Variables
--------------

This role supports the [Common Role Variables](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules/blob/develop/README.md#common-role-variables).

The main data structure for this role is the list of `foreman_content_views`. Each Content View requires the following fields:

- `name` - the name of the content view

Each content view also requires either a list of repositories or components (for a composite content view):

> - `repositories` - list of repositories to add to the content view, each repository needs the following fields:
>   - `name` - the name of the repository
>   - `product` - the product the repository belongs to
> - `components` - list of content views to add to the composite content view, each component needs the following fields:
>   - `content_view` - the name of the content view
>   - `content_view_version` - the version of the content view to add, *or*
>   - `latest` - if `true`, the latest version of the content view will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `repositories` - List of repositories to add to the content view. Each repository requires the following fields:
  - `name` - The name of the repository
  - `product` - The product which the repository belongs to
- `components` - List of content views to add to the composite content view. Each component requires the following fields:
  - `content_view` - The name of the content view
  - `content_view_version` - The version of the content view to add, *or*
  - `latest` - If `true`, the latest version of the content view will be used
```

A few very small style nits here. "The product to which the repository belongs" would _technically_ be more formally correct English, but still sounds awkward even to a lot of native speakers. I settled on "The product which the repository belongs to" as a clear but less formal middle ground.

> Additionally you can pass any other parameter the `content_view` module accepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally you can pass any other [parameters accepted by the content_view module](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/theforeman/foreman/content_view_module.html#parameters).
```

Let's help them find this information :)

> This role also allows to add Content View Filters to the content view, by listing those in `filters` of the content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role also allows you to create Content View Filters and add them to the Content View by passing a list of `filters`:
- `filters` - List of filters to create and add to the content view. Each filter needs the following fields:
  - `name` - Name of the content view filter
  - `filter_type` - Content view filter type. The available types are `rpm`, `package_group`, `erratum`, or `docker`

Additionally you can pass any other [parameters accepted by the content_view_filter module](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/theforeman/foreman/content_view_filter_module.html#parameters).
```
